Added Initial tables (#1)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-sentry: docs/tables/sentry_organization_member.md

# Table: sentry_organization_member

> Represent a list of users that belong to a given organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents a list of users that belong to a particular organization.
```
